README.md, before:

# Tech-Corner-Blog

## Description

Welcome to the Tech Corner! A blog about technology, programming, and everything in between. This blog is a CMS-style blog site similar to a Wordpress site, where developers can publish their blog posts and comment on other developers’ posts as well. This application follows the MVC paradigm in its architectural structure, using Handlebars.js as the templating language, Sequelize as the ORM, and the express-session npm package for authentication. 

## Up and Running 

To run this application, you will need to install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). Once you have Node.js installed, clone this repository to your local machine. Then, navigate to the root directory of the cloned repository and run the following command to install the necessary dependencies:

```
npm install
```
Once the dependencies are installed, you can run the application with the following command:

```
npm start
```
or 
```
node server.js
```
## Usage

Once the application is running, you can access the application at http://localhost:3001/. You can also access the deployed application at https://tech-corner-blog.herokuapp.com/. Here are some screenshots demonstrating the apps functionality:

## Credits

Shoutout to everyone at askBCS for their constant support and help with the issues I ran into while building this application! 

Thanks for reading, y'all. Cheers.

Commit message:

final edits to the README.md. Addition of the demo gif. Done. for now lol

README.md, after:

# Tech-Corner-Blog

## Description

Welcome to the Tech Corner! A blog about technology, programming, and everything in between. This blog is a CMS-style blog site similar to a Wordpress site, where developers can publish their blog posts and comment on other developers’ posts as well. This application follows the MVC paradigm in its architectural structure, using Handlebars.js as the templating language, Sequelize as the ORM, and the express-session npm package for authentication. Express.js is also used to handle routing and the app is deployed to Heroku.

## Up and Running 

To run this application locally, you will need to install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). Once you have Node.js installed, clone this repository to your local machine. Then, navigate to the root directory of the cloned repository and run the following command to install the necessary dependencies:

```
npm install
```
Once the dependencies are installed, you can run the application with the following command:

```
npm start
```
or 
```
node server.js
```
## Usage

Once the application is running, you can access the application at http://localhost:3001/. 

You can also access the deployed application at https://tech-corner-blog.herokuapp.com/. 

Here is a GIF demonstrating the apps functionality:

![Demo GIF Tech Corner Blog](/assets/TechCornerDemo.gif)

## Credits

Shoutout to everyone at askBCS for their constant support and help with the issues I ran into while building this application! 

Thanks for reading, y'all. Cheers.
